updates readme (#421)
bigcommerce/docs: README.md

The BigCommerce DX team maintains these open source docs; we welcome your [issues](https://github.com/bigcommerce/docs/issues), [discussions](https://github.com/bigcommerce/docs/discussions), and [pull requests](https://github.com/bigcommerce/docs/pulls)!

---

## Contributing
Thank you for your interest in contributing to our Developer Documentation! Below are a few quick ways to get started: 

### 👉 To make a change: 
Here are some quick links to our [Contribution](/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide: 

- [Making a Quick Edit](/CONTRIBUTING.md#making-a-quick-edit)
- [Editing Locally](/CONTRIBUTING.md#editing-locally)
- [Commit Messages](/CONTRIBUTING.md/cod#commit-messages)
- [Style Guides](/CONTRIBUTING.md#style-guides)
- [Contributing to Other Projects](/CONTRIBUTING.md#contributing-to-other-projects)

### 👉 To discuss something: 
- Please [start a Discussion here](https://github.com/bigcommerce/docs/discussions). Our Documentation team monitors GitHub Discussions regularly.

### 👉 To report a bug or an issue you've encountered

> - Please [open a new Issue here](https://github.com/bigcommerce/docs/issues). Our Documentation team monitors GitHub Issues regularly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a new [Issue](https://github.com/bigcommerce/docs/issues) and take action toward improving the Developer Documentation by submitting a PR. 
```

<br/>

> *For more information, please see our [Contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For more information, see our [Contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).*
```

---

## API specifications

If you maintain API clients, this repository is your source for the most up-to-date public API specifications.

> Please keep your fork up to date to ensure you're working with the newest source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always update your fork to ensure you're working with the latest source files.
```
